uskoag-walletcli - the command line face of the USK OAG GServices Wallet

The wallet holds every refresh token and client secret on this machine and releases neither. Client
tools get an opaque handle and a loopback URL, so no tool ever holds a Google credential. Every call
they then make is classified and policed where the request actually is.

  status                            is a wallet running, is it unlocked, how many accounts
  unlock                            type the passphrase (hidden; never a flag)
  lock                              drop every live handle immediately
  passwd                            change the passphrase; audit history is unaffected
  orgs                              the OAuth clients: one per organisation
  accounts                          the inventory: which accounts, their scopes, which tools are ready
  profiles                          the tool profiles this wallet knows

  org add <id> --file <credentials.json> [--domains a.org,b.org] [--label "..."]
                                    store an organisation's OAuth client. Per ORG, not per tool and
                                    not per account - a credentials.json is a Cloud project's client,
                                    and one per org is what an unverified app leaves available given
                                    the 100-user cap and a Workspace admin's power to refuse a
                                    foreign client ID. Domains let later accounts skip --org
  login <email> [--org <id>] [--profiles gsheets,gmail] [--port 8888]
                                    run browser consent. Requests EVERY tool's scopes by default:
                                    one round trip instead of one per tool, and it avoids the old
                                    trap where a second tool reused the first one's narrower token
                                    and then failed with an opaque 403
  import --org <id> [--profiles gsheets,gmail] [--accounts a@x,b@x] [--root <dir>] [--delete-old]
                                    migrate existing tokens_<md5> stores; prompts for the old
                                    app-key. --profiles defaults to ALL of them, because one
                                    account's tokens are scattered across one directory per tool;
                                    they merge into one record with the union of their scopes.
                                    With --delete-old the leaked app-key stops mattering, because a
                                    passphrase that decrypts nothing is not a passphrase
  export <email> [--raw]            an access token (sub-hour, relay-safe), or with --raw the full
                                    credential behind a loud warning and an audit entry
  forget <email>                    remove an account from the keyring

  policy list                       the standing permissions
  policy check --api sheets --resource <id> --tier read [--profile p] [--account e]
                                    would this be allowed right now, without doing it
  policy allow --api sheets --resource <id> --tier write [--minutes 60] [--ops 50] [--match exact]
                                    ask for a standing rule; raises the same dialog a first touch
                                    would have raised, because a process must not grant itself one
  policy quiet --tier read|write [--account e] [--api sheets] [--minutes N]
                                    STOP ASKING ME. One rule covering every document at that tier,
                                    until the tier's ceiling - a week to read, a day to write - and
                                    --tier write covers read too, so heavy automation needs one of
                                    these and not two. Asks for the passphrase, because this covers
                                    documents nobody has named. Shows in policy list and is revoked
                                    by id like anything else, which is what makes it different from
                                    readRequiresRule=false in the Settings tab: that has no expiry
                                    at all, appears in no listing, and leaves nothing to revoke.
                                    There is no blanket irreversible tier and there will not be
  policy extend <ruleId> --by 1w    push a rule's expiry out and refresh its operation count. Capped
                                    at the tier ceiling measured from now, so topping up repeatedly is
                                    not a way around it. Raises the dialog for the same reason allow
                                    does. Spans: 45m 12h 10d 3w
  policy revoke <ruleId>            drop one rule
  policy clear                      drop them all

  audit [--limit 100]               what was actually attempted, denials included
  session                           which run of work this invocation presents itself as, where that
                                    came from, and the process chain it was derived from. Needs no
                                    wallet. Run it when you are being asked the same question twice

  backups                           plain credentials.json files left by earlier versions
  purgebackups                      delete them. The wallet keeps none now and sweeps these on
                                    every unlock; this verb is for doing it by hand
  reset                             passphrase gone: move the keyring aside and start a new one.
                                    Lost - refresh tokens, standing permissions, audit detail, and
                                    every stored credentials.json. Kept - the old keyring file,
                                    moved aside, so this is undoable if the passphrase comes back

The three levels, and why they are three
  org      owns the OAuth client (client_id + client_secret). One credentials.json.
  account  owns the refresh token. Keyed by email, because a refresh token authorises exactly one
           Google account - there is no org-wide token short of a service account with domain-wide
           delegation. You rarely type it: it is inferred when only one is stored.
  profile  is NOT a storage key. It is a scope bundle a tool asks for, plus a label in the policy
           and the audit. One consent covers every tool for an account.

Tiers
  read          list, search, get, download, export
  mutate        create, update, append, draft, add slides
  destructive   delete, trash, move or re-parent, clear an unbounded range, every permission change

Running automation without being interrupted - READ THIS BEFORE A BATCH
  Three things prompt and three things do not, and knowing which is the whole difference between a
  quiet run and thirty dialogs.

  Free, always: browsing, listing and searching. They name no document, so there is nothing to
  approve. In uskoag-gdrivecli, search / ls / tree / du / localpath do not reach the wallet at all -
  they answer from the local index.

  One dialog per document, then silent: the first touch of a named document. The answer is a standing
  rule and it does persist across separate command invocations - a week for read, a day for write.

  Every time: the irreversible tier. By design, and it is not configurable.

  So for a batch, do ONE of these first, largest hammer last:

    uskoag-walletcli policy check ...     will this be allowed? Ask before starting, not halfway
    uskoag-walletcli policy allow ...     pre-approve the specific documents you know you will touch
    uskoag-walletcli policy quiet --tier write
                                          stop asking me, for everything, for a day

  The approval dialog's "apply to every item this command touches" checkbox is NOT how you stop being
  asked across commands. It is bound to the session, so it covers one command however wide it is.
  Ticking it repeatedly is how one spreadsheet produced six dialogs in two and a half minutes.

  UKAG_WALLET_SESSION is the other half, and it only matters for session-bound permissions - the
  breadth checkbox and every irreversible grant. Export it once, before the first tool call, and every
  invocation in that run presents the same session, so one approval covers the run:

    $env:UKAG_WALLET_SESSION = "invoice reconciliation, March"      (PowerShell)
    export UKAG_WALLET_SESSION="invoice reconciliation, March"      (bash)

  Words rather than a hex string: this is what the dialog and the audit show, and "which run of work is
  this" is a question answered from words. It is a correlation key and never an authorisation
  boundary - anything running as you can read or forge it, so nothing is trusted to it.

  With nothing exported the session is DERIVED from process ancestry, and that is a best-effort guess
  which fails in both directions - see the 'session' verb, which prints what you would get and why.

Notes
  Secrets are never flags. The passphrase and any old app-key are read from a hidden console prompt,
  so nothing lands in shell history or an agent transcript.

  Browsing and search never prompt. The first touch of a new document prompts once, and the answer
  becomes a standing rule. Only the irreversible tier keeps asking, and it is bounded by a count
  before a clock, because a time window bounds a human's session and does not bound a machine's.

  A rule is matched on (profile, account, api, resource), and null or * is a wildcard in any of those.
  So a rule written for one document covers that document from any tool, and a blanket rule covers
  everything. MUTATE outranks READ, so a write permission also allows reading.

  Settings live INSIDE the keyring, edited from the Settings tab of the app, and are readable only
  while it is unlocked. A settings file beside the keyring would be one that anything running as you
  could edit, and one line of it turns the policy layer off.

  How long a permission may stand is fixed and not settable: read 1 week, change 1 day, irreversible
  1 hour. Nothing is ever granted without an expiry. Extending costs one click, which is what lets
  the ceilings be this short.

  The wallet keeps NO plain copy of any credentials.json. It used to, as a forgotten-passphrase safety
  net, and that put every OAuth client secret on disk in the clear - giving back half of what
  encrypting them bought. Copies left by earlier versions are swept on every unlock. Keep your own
  copies: after a reset, each client is added again from those.

  The wallet locks itself after 60 idle minutes by default, and idle means idle for the wallet, so a
  long batch does not trip it. This is the second lock and it answers a different question from an
  approval: the approval says what may be touched, this says for how long anything at all may be. Set
  autoLockMinutes to 0 in the Settings tab for genuinely unattended work.
